Hundreds of years of ago the old gods of the world decided that their time on earth was over... for now.  Before they left, however, they vowed that they would return at the time of Ragnorak, and establish their order again in the world that remains.
But the time of the apocalypse is now.  So the old gods are now born into the world as mortals so that they may walk the Earth and interact directly with its people.

In the gods absence, the orders of heaven and hell formed.  The two warring factions have fought for control of humanity since then. They both fight fiercely, but they are bound by the ancient rules of the world; no purely godly being can set foot on the earth.  So they send mortal agents to do their bidding.  Hell sends the souls of the demented back to earth, having first mutating them into hideous demons.  Heaven, on the other hand, hires humans and grants them special spiritual powers to hunt down and kill the damned souls.  Now both forces are preparing their armies for the final fight.

All the meanwhile, humanity continues forward, not knowing of the battles being fought for their souls, except for one man.  William Doors, knows of the fighting between heaven and hell, that the old gods are starting to make their return, and that Ragnorak is fast approaching.  He wants to create a new world without gods.  A world where only he will rule.  Using his private military cooperation (PMC) Extra Power In Conflicts (E.P.I.C), William researches for a weapon that will have the power to destroy a god. His efforts have had little results.  His new guns, while powerful in their own right, have nowhere near the power to damage a god, and his A.I. war android prototype isn't obeying his orders.  But fortune has shined upon him, for he has captured a girl.  A girl with unusual powers and a weird marking under her left eye.

But the girl escapes from William's compound.

She begins a journey to discover why she has these powers, and why so many people are after her.  Along the way she is joined by a war android who has no desire to fight, and a reclusive demon hunter whose motives are unknown.  But they all know one thing:
Only they can stop the world's ETERNAL PROGRESSION INTO CHAOS